Update email_capture_form.md (#7227)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/traditional/customize/email_capture_form.md

- For [anonymous users]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/user_data_collection/user_profile_lifecycle/#anonymous-user-profiles) who don't yet have an account, the email address will live on the anonymous user profile that is tied to the user's device.
- If an email address already exists on the user profile, then the existing email address will be overwritten by the newly entered email address.

> - If the known user already has an email address on their profile but it has hard bounced, if the newly entered email address differs to what's already on their Braze profile the hard bounce status will be removed when the updated email address is saved. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the known user has an email address that is flagged as having [hard bounced]({{site.baseurl}}/help/help_articles/email/email_bounces#email-bounces), we'll check to see if the newly-entered email address differs to what's on their Braze profile. If the email address provided is different, the email address will be updated and the hard bounce status will be removed. 
```
